README.md, before:

# http-signatures-java

##### Pure java library implementing HTTP Signatures

An implementation of HTTP Signing according to https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-00

I have a need to use request-based authentication in another project I'm working on. While I was doing research and
looking for ways to possibly implement it, I found this active RFC draft going back a few years and it looks reasonably
sane, thus viola...

### Dependencies

The project is current using maven as a build environment and has only one test dependency (junit4) and is compatible
with Java 8. I plan on adding filters for Spring Boot and Netty, as well as nginx and Envoy implementations (obviously
not in java). The main <a href="http-signatures">http-signatures</a> library will be maintained as dependency-free
as possible, currently there are zero runtime dependencies. The only real reason to include more dependencies here
would be broader algorithm support beyond what's provided in the JVM. 

# License

Released under Apache 2.0 License. Please see <a href="LICENSE">LICENSE</a> for more details.

# Contributing

Please see <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">CONTRIBUTING.md</a> for more information about contributing.

Commit message:

Disclaimer on production use and updates to example server application
Adding an LRU cache for keys in the echo server so it can continue to
run without leaking memory during a test scenario. Also added a disclaimer
at the top of the README that this thing needs to mature before its ready
for production use.

README.md, after:

# http-signatures-java

### Pure java implementation of HTTP Signatures

#### NOTE: Not for production use (yet...)

As with any security related software, bugs are devastating and can have a much larger business
impact that other types of bugs. I plan on trying to make this library as rock solid and 
production ready as possible, however the implementation is currently very immature and
still in very active development.

Once I have a minimal feature set and have been able to create several different example
implementations to validate the use cases, I plan on seeking reviews from the folks writing
the spec. Until then, please feel free to point out bugs, this has been a hackathon type
effort thus far so there's a pretty good chance of some ugly dark corners.

### What is this? 

An implementation of HTTP Signing according to https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-00

I have a need to use request-based authentication in another project I'm working on. While I was doing research and
looking for ways to possibly implement it, I found this active RFC draft going back a few years and it looks reasonably
sane, thus viola...

### Dependencies

The project is current using maven as a build environment and has only one test dependency (junit4) and is compatible
with Java 8. I plan on adding filters for Spring Boot and Netty, as well as nginx and Envoy implementations (obviously
not in java). The main <a href="http-signatures">http-signatures</a> library will be maintained as dependency-free
as possible, currently there are zero runtime dependencies. The only real reason to include more dependencies here
would be broader algorithm support beyond what's provided in the JVM. 

## Examples: Spring Boot
There's an example echo server that will validate signed requests under
<a href="examples/echo-spring-boot-server">examples/echo-spring-boot-server</a> and a client that will
register itself and make varying types of request, according to command line parameters under
<a href="examples/echo-spring-client">examples/echo-spring-client</a>. 

# License

Released under Apache 2.0 License. Please see <a href="LICENSE">LICENSE</a> for more details.

# Contributing

Please see <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">CONTRIBUTING.md</a> for more information about contributing.
